now the Lord said to Samuel how long
now the Lord said to Samuel how long will you mourn for soul seeing I have
will you mourn for soul seeing I have
will you mourn for soul seeing I have rejected him from reigning over Israel
rejected him from reigning over Israel
rejected him from reigning over Israel fill your horn with oil and go I am
fill your horn with oil and go I am
fill your horn with oil and go I am sending you to Jesse the bethlo might
sending you to Jesse the bethlo might
sending you to Jesse the bethlo might for I have provided myself a king among
for I have provided myself a king among
for I have provided myself a king among his sons how can I go
his sons how can I go
his sons how can I go you saw hears it he will kill me
you saw hears it he will kill me
you saw hears it he will kill me take a heifer with you and say I have
take a heifer with you and say I have
take a heifer with you and say I have come to sacrifice to the Lord then
come to sacrifice to the Lord then
come to sacrifice to the Lord then invite Jesse to the sacrifice and I will
invite Jesse to the sacrifice and I will
invite Jesse to the sacrifice and I will show you what you shall do you shall
show you what you shall do you shall
show you what you shall do you shall anoint for me the one I'm named to you
anoint for me the one I'm named to you
anoint for me the one I'm named to you so Samuel did what the Lord said and
so Samuel did what the Lord said and
so Samuel did what the Lord said and went to Bethlehem and the elders of the
went to Bethlehem and the elders of the
went to Bethlehem and the elders of the town trembled at his coming and said do
town trembled at his coming and said do
town trembled at his coming and said do you come peaceably peaceably
you come peaceably peaceably
you come peaceably peaceably I have come to sacrifice to the Lord
I have come to sacrifice to the Lord
I have come to sacrifice to the Lord sanctify yourselves and come with me to
sanctify yourselves and come with me to
sanctify yourselves and come with me to the sacrifice then he consecrated Jesse
the sacrifice then he consecrated Jesse
the sacrifice then he consecrated Jesse and his sons and invited them to the
and his sons and invited them to the
and his sons and invited them to the sacrifice so it was when they came that
sacrifice so it was when they came that
sacrifice so it was when they came that he looked at a lion and said surely the
he looked at a lion and said surely the
he looked at a lion and said surely the Lord's anointed is before him but the
Lord's anointed is before him but the
Lord's anointed is before him but the Lord said to Samuel do not look at his
Lord said to Samuel do not look at his
Lord said to Samuel do not look at his appearance or at his physical stature
appearance or at his physical stature
appearance or at his physical stature because I have refused him for the Lord
because I have refused him for the Lord
because I have refused him for the Lord does not see as men's
does not see as men's
does not see as men's for man looks at the outward appearance
for man looks at the outward appearance
for man looks at the outward appearance but the Lord looks at the heart
so Jesse called a Binah dad and made him
so Jesse called a Binah dad and made him passed before Samuel and he said neither
passed before Samuel and he said neither
passed before Samuel and he said neither has the Lord chosen this one then Jesse
has the Lord chosen this one then Jesse
has the Lord chosen this one then Jesse made Shama pass by and he said neither
made Shama pass by and he said neither
made Shama pass by and he said neither has the Lord chosen this one
has the Lord chosen this one
has the Lord chosen this one thus Jesse made seven of his sons passed
thus Jesse made seven of his sons passed
thus Jesse made seven of his sons passed before Samuel and Samuel said to Jesse
before Samuel and Samuel said to Jesse
before Samuel and Samuel said to Jesse the Lord has not chosen these are all
the Lord has not chosen these are all
the Lord has not chosen these are all the young men here
the young men here
the young men here they remained yet the youngest and there
they remained yet the youngest and there
they remained yet the youngest and there he is keeping the Sheep send and bring
he is keeping the Sheep send and bring
he is keeping the Sheep send and bring him for we will not sit down
him for we will not sit down
him for we will not sit down till he comes here so he sent and
till he comes here so he sent and
till he comes here so he sent and brought him in now he was ruddy with
brought him in now he was ruddy with
brought him in now he was ruddy with bright eyes and good looking and the
bright eyes and good looking and the
bright eyes and good looking and the Lord said arise anoint him for this is
Lord said arise anoint him for this is
Lord said arise anoint him for this is the one then Samuel took the Horn of oil
the one then Samuel took the Horn of oil
the one then Samuel took the Horn of oil and anointed him in the midst of his
and anointed him in the midst of his
and anointed him in the midst of his brothers and the Spirit of the Lord came
brothers and the Spirit of the Lord came
brothers and the Spirit of the Lord came upon David from that day forward so
upon David from that day forward so
upon David from that day forward so samuel arose and went to Rhema but the
samuel arose and went to Rhema but the
samuel arose and went to Rhema but the Spirit of the Lord departed from soul
Spirit of the Lord departed from soul
Spirit of the Lord departed from soul and a distressing spirit from the Lord
and a distressing spirit from the Lord
and a distressing spirit from the Lord troubled him and Saul servant said to
troubled him and Saul servant said to
troubled him and Saul servant said to him surely a distressing spirit from God
him surely a distressing spirit from God
him surely a distressing spirit from God is troubling you let our master now
is troubling you let our master now
is troubling you let our master now command your servants were before you to
command your servants were before you to
command your servants were before you to seek out a man who is a skillful player
seek out a man who is a skillful player
seek out a man who is a skillful player on the heart and it shall be that he
on the heart and it shall be that he
on the heart and it shall be that he will play it with his hand when the
will play it with his hand when the
will play it with his hand when the distressing spirit from God is upon you
distressing spirit from God is upon you
distressing spirit from God is upon you and you shall be well
and you shall be well
and you shall be well provide me now a man who can play well
provide me now a man who can play well
provide me now a man who can play well you bring him to me look I have seen a
you bring him to me look I have seen a
you bring him to me look I have seen a son of Jesse the bethlo mite who is
son of Jesse the bethlo mite who is
son of Jesse the bethlo mite who is skillful in playing a mighty man of
skillful in playing a mighty man of
skillful in playing a mighty man of Valor a man of war prudent in speech and
Valor a man of war prudent in speech and
Valor a man of war prudent in speech and a handsome person and the Lord is with
a handsome person and the Lord is with
a handsome person and the Lord is with him
him
him therefore Saul sent messengers to Jesse
therefore Saul sent messengers to Jesse
therefore Saul sent messengers to Jesse and said send me your son David who is
and said send me your son David who is
and said send me your son David who is with the Sheep and Jesse took a donkey
with the Sheep and Jesse took a donkey
with the Sheep and Jesse took a donkey loaded with bread a skin of wine and a
loaded with bread a skin of wine and a
loaded with bread a skin of wine and a young goat and sent them by his son
young goat and sent them by his son
young goat and sent them by his son David to saw so David came to Seoul and
David to saw so David came to Seoul and
David to saw so David came to Seoul and stood before him and he loved him
stood before him and he loved him
stood before him and he loved him greatly
greatly
greatly and he became his armor-bearer then Saul
and he became his armor-bearer then Saul
and he became his armor-bearer then Saul sent to Jesse please let David stand
sent to Jesse please let David stand
sent to Jesse please let David stand before me for he has found favor in my
before me for he has found favor in my
before me for he has found favor in my sight
sight
sight and so it was whenever the spirit from
and so it was whenever the spirit from
and so it was whenever the spirit from God was upon soul that David would take
God was upon soul that David would take
God was upon soul that David would take a heart and play it with his hand then
a heart and play it with his hand then
a heart and play it with his hand then Saul would become refreshed and well and
Saul would become refreshed and well and
Saul would become refreshed and well and the distressing spirit would depart from
the distressing spirit would depart from
the distressing spirit would depart from him
him
him [Music]
[Music]
[Music] you